README.md, before:

# AzureServiceBusExplorer

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.1.

## Configuration

Create a copy of environment.ts and call it environment.local.ts. 
Put your own application's clientId from AAD

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added dev container and some setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Azure Service Bus Explorer

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.1.

## Getting Started
### Dev Container
This project contains a dev container which can be used when developing. Read more [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers). Usage of this is optional. To use the dev container, open the repo in VS Code and follow the prompt to build and open in the container. The dev container is based on the standard node 14 + typescript image, with the angular CLI installed. 

### Configuration
MSAL is used for authentication to Azure AD. To get running, create a new App Registration in AAD, with the following settings:
- Authentication: 
  - Single-page application
    - Redirect URIs: `http://localhost:4200`
  - Implicit Grant:
    - ID tokens
- Leave the rest of the settings as default

Create a copy of `src/environments/environment.ts` and call it `environment.local.ts`. 
Add the App ID from the app you just created here: 
```json
...
auth: {
    clientId: 'app-id-here'
}
...
```

> NOTE: The app will request permissions from AAD the first time it runs, and will require admin consent for some of them. For this reason you will need to be able to act as an AAD administrator.


### Run the app in the dev server

- Run `npm install`
- Run `ng serve` to start the dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
